README.md, before:

# Go

This project is a minimal sample for Go Hello World application.

### Download Installer

Go language requires compiler that compiles source files and runtime that executes compiled binary files. The executable for compiler and runtime is OS dependent so please download the installer of your choice.

* [Windows](https://dl.google.com/go/go1.12.5.windows-amd64.msi)
* [MacOS](https://dl.google.com/go/go1.12.5.darwin-amd64.pkg)
* [Linux](https://dl.google.com/go/go1.12.5.linux-amd64.tar.gz)

After download, please follow the [install instruction](https://golang.org/doc/install) for your operating system.

### Ensure Go executable in your PATH

The install instruction provides steps to incorporate Go runtime in system/user PATH to be accessible anywhere.
Please make sure that the steps have been correctly performed by open up a terminal and run:

`go version`

If the version detail does not display, please ensure the go executable has been set up in your PATH according to [install instruction](https://golang.org/doc/install) 

### Hello World

A boring basic sample for a start which located under `01-helloworld` directory

#### Build Hello World

Navigate to the clone project directory under `01-helloworld` where `main.go` is located and run:

> `go build main.go`

The command generates `main` file for go runtime to execute.

#### Run Hello World

At the location where `main` file is located, run command:

> `go run . main`

The `main` by itself is an executable file which is able to execute directly with the command below without `go`

> `./main`

#### Test Hello World

At the location where `main` file is located, run command:

> `bash test.sh`

#### What's inside main.go

Some interesting things you can learn from a **hello world** app

##### Package

Package is a collection related go files with the rule is the first line of each go file is required to have the package name where it belongs to

There are two types of package

- Executable [package **main**]
- Reusable [other packages]

#### Import

The `import` is declared to get access to functions and libraries defined in the target package. The name of target import package is required to surround with double quotes.

#### Function [func]

Function declaration uses keyword **func** followed by name of the function with parenthesis for the list of arguments if needed. A pair of open and end curly braces is used to begin and end function definition.

Commit message:

Add more specific content about main function and package name

README.md, after:

# Go

This project is a minimal sample for Go Hello World application.

### Download Installer

Go language requires compiler that compiles source files and runtime that executes compiled binary files. The executable for compiler and runtime is OS dependent so please download the installer of your choice.

* [Windows](https://dl.google.com/go/go1.12.5.windows-amd64.msi)
* [MacOS](https://dl.google.com/go/go1.12.5.darwin-amd64.pkg)
* [Linux](https://dl.google.com/go/go1.12.5.linux-amd64.tar.gz)

After download, please follow the [install instruction](https://golang.org/doc/install) for your operating system.

### Ensure Go executable in your PATH

The install instruction provides steps to incorporate Go runtime in system/user PATH to be accessible anywhere.
Please make sure that the steps have been correctly performed by open up a terminal and run:

`go version`

If the version detail does not display, please ensure the go executable has been set up in your PATH according to [install instruction](https://golang.org/doc/install) 

### Hello World

A boring basic sample for a start which located under `01-helloworld` directory

#### Build Hello World

Navigate to the clone project directory under `01-helloworld` where `main.go` is located and run:

> `go build main.go`

The command generates `main` file for go runtime to execute.

#### Run Hello World

At the location where `main` file is located, run command:

> `go run . main`

The `main` by itself is an executable file which is able to execute directly with the command below without `go`

> `./main`

#### Test Hello World

At the location where `main` file is located, run command:

> `bash test.sh`

#### What's inside main.go

Some interesting things you can learn from a **hello world** app

##### Package

Package is a collection related go files with the rule is the first line of each go file is required to have the package name where it belongs to.

There are two types of package

- Executable [package **main**]
- Reusable [other packages]

The name of packages can also be different from the actual directory name where they are located.

#### Import

The `import` is declared to get access to functions and libraries defined in the target package. The name of target import package is required to surround with double quotes.

#### Function [func]

Function declaration uses keyword **func** followed by name of the function with parenthesis for the list of arguments if needed. A pair of open and end curly braces is used to begin and end function definition.

A key takeaway note for this basic `hello world` app is the function `main` is required as entry point of the executable. The **main** package can have as many files as it needs but there will be only **ONE** file with **main** function declaration.
